Then I can't let you take care of him all the time
Why do you dislike the second sister?
Without me, aren't you afraid of my delay?
It took so long anyway
If the second sister comes less in the future
Okay now
Qianqian, how about this set?
Brother Wang
I am already the general manager of Dawan Group
How can you still buy such an off-end house?
I comforted him.
What Qianqian
This is the Genting Heavenly Palace
The entire moon
Don't talk about me
It also exerts that kind of wealth
People can afford it
Oh, I don't care.
Is it important?
A woman like me
Only a house like that is worthy of me
As long as you buy it for me
Ok ok ok ok
If you say buy it, we will buy it.
I knew Brother Yang loved it the most
Yahahaha
Go
Brother Yang, look
Isn't this your country ex-husband?
There you are.
Hey, son, what kind of store is this?
Just buy it
Even selling you is not enough to buy this brick.
Hmm, I want you to know
What people in my moon car ferry sky often
I don't like to tease you.